Adding Cloud marketplace integration section (#6088)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/get-started/cloud-marketplace-integration/google-cloud-marketplace.md

---
title: Google Cloud Marketplace
description: Harness Modules listed on Google Cloud Marketplace and different workflows supported.
sidebar_label: Google Cloud Marketplace
sidebar_position: 1
---

### What is a Google cloud marketplace?
A Google Cloud Marketplace is essentially a way for software vendors to offer their products and services to customers directly through Google Cloud Platform (GCP). It provides a convenient platform for users to discover, purchase, and deploy software solutions directly from Google Cloud Console or through APIs.

> ### What are the Harness products currently available on Google Cloud Marketplace?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Which Harness products are currently available on Google Cloud Marketplace?
```

     | **Product** | **Private Offer Flow** | **Public Offer Flow** |
     | --- | --- | --- |
     | [Harness Software Delivery Platform](https://console.cloud.google.com/marketplace/product/harness-public/harness-software-delivery-platform)| Yes | No |
     | [Harness Continuous Delivery](https://console.cloud.google.com/marketplace/product/harness-public/harness-continuous-delivery) | Yes | Yes |

### How can customers purchase the Harness products via Google Cloud Marketplace Private Offer Flow? 

>     There are two ways for the customer to initiate the private offer flow with Harness:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    There are two ways to initiate the private offer flow with Harness:
```

>         1. If the customer has an existing relationship with Harness, then Harness can collect the required customer details, create an offer and send the customer a private offer so that customer pays a custom price for the software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        1. If you have an existing relationship with Harness, then Harness can collect the required customer details, create an offer, and send you a private offer so that you pay a custom price for the software.
```

>         2. Customer is interested in a Harness product and wants to request a custom quote for that product. In this case the customer can contact the Harness' sales team by clicking on the contact sales functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        2. If you're interested in a Harness product and want to request a custom quote for it, you can contact Harness' sales team by selecting **Contact Sales**.
```

            ![](./static/gcp_pvt_offer_contact_sales_form.png)

>     #### Step 1: Details required from customer by Harness, for creating the private offer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    #### Step 1: Details required from the customer by Harness to create a private offer:
```

>         1. The Harness products customer is interested in procuring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - The Harness product(s) the customer is interested in procuring.
```

>         2. Customer Organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Customer Organization
```

>         3. Customer Contact Name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Customer Contact Name
```

>         4. Customer Email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Customer Email
```

>         5. Customer's Google cloud billing account id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Customer's Google cloud billing account ID
```

>         6. Contract start date

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Contract start date
```

>     #### Step 2: Steps to accept the Harness Private Offer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    #### Step 2: Steps to accept the Harness private offer:
```
